Document how NVIDIA releases differ from CCCL releases (#10614)
NVIDIA/cccl: docs/maintainers/branching_strategy.rst

  - Created via release automation.
  - Changes should be made via the :doc:`backport process <backport_process>`.

- ``ctk/X.Y.x``

  - Branches from ``branch/X.Y.x`` meant for representing exact contents of CUDA Toolkit Releases
  - Created by NVIDIA. May contain internally developed features that are additive with the release it was based on.

>   - This is a read-only branch.

Reviewer: Should also answer when is this branch created? And how?

Tagging conventions
-------------------
- ``vX.Y.Z``: finalized release tags on release branches

> - ``vX.Y.Z-ctkN.M``: release tags based on NVIDIA CUDA Toolkit releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``vX.Y.Z-ctkN.M.K``: finalized release tags exactly equivalent to the CCCL contents in NVIDIA CUDA Toolkit release `N.M.K`.
```

> and- ``vX.Y.Z-rcN``: release-candidate tags for pre-release validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``vX.Y.Z-rcN``: release-candidate tags for pre-release validation.
```
